this is a web exclusive
starting already the second week there
is you can see this visible Prussia even
you keep it to try to keep under control
and to love the day to go very slow one
will wake your feet I won't apply
it's alright it's good you know I've
never seen choreography that I put down
and it's about two thirds of dance I
would have an idea for a big finish but
that remains to be seen how that goes
because we have a pilot farmer we go on
quite well together and we want to show
that this we are able to to laugh on
each other
so yes I'm looking forward to see which
is where the creativity is going to come
up with a young bomb too stupid and the
place that was what did you say doesn't
pivot yes yeah anyways whenever we do
this I I forget how terrible the
celebrities really are I because all
what I remember is that how they
finished in this res when I forget the
pain of beginnings but they pick it up
so that by the time we get on a few
weeks there they are picking it up
really quickly and it's really good